---
layout: post
title:      "Its time for a change..."
date:       2019-10-09 10:57:38 -0400
permalink:  thewhy
---

I wrote this blog post originally last year, so going back and reading it was an interesting retrospective to begin writing a new draft. 

I was at the time working at my current company, Coinbase as an Executive Assistant in the Finance Department. I knew I wanted to attend a Software Engineering program, so the part time Flatiron School education track ticked all of the boxes. Little did I know, I really wasnt ready for the commitment, even though I wanted this so bad. There is a time and a place for everything, or so I believe. 

Fast forward to August of 2020. This year has been surreal to say the least. Every facet of my life has changed. I no longer am required to commute into an office in San Francisco five days a week, which is a double edged sword for me. While I love being able to get up in the morning, make myself a pot of coffee and jump right onto my laptop, I do miss the ride on the ferry (especially on the calm waters of a summer morning, with the sun rising over the Golden Gate bridge) and the walk to my office, which gives me those 15 minutes to clear my head, breathe in the electricity of the city, and get excited about my day. I miss the hustle and bustle of the office, but I also immensely appreciate the quiet and calm solitude that my home office provides. I am always connected, so have found that my working days are more jam packed than ever, but I am more productive and more focused. My time management skills have vastly improved in a very short period, thus enabling me to engage in this program fully. 

The fact that I will never have to work in an office full time for the foreseeable future has a new set of challenges, but also a greater set of opportunities, in which i feel blessed beyond measure and grateful for. 

Reevaluating what the next six months would look like for me was not a difficult decision at all given the circumstances. I knew that this would be the ideal time to revisit enrolling in the engineering program through Flatiron School. I am looking forward to having the environemtn to really focus and engage in this program. The next few months will be trying in every way, but I am glad that I listened to my gut instinct to wait until I was really ready to jump in feet first. 

I intend to use the skills I gain in the program to advance my career at my current company. I do not know what the future holds, what the next year, five years, let alone six months will have in store, but I know for a fact that this was the right decision. 

I am looking forward to this learning process and all that comes with it. 
